this is six-year-old George who despite
the name may be female but she is easily
recognized by her large pot belly while
George turns out on the forest floor a
group of older females start to make
their way into the trees we found from
our study so far is that western lowland
gorillas eat a lot of fruits i manatees
always surprising to see such large
animals especially when you see Kingo
going way off the trees extraordinarily
agile right now with the trip season and
Kingo goes crazy for the Gambia the
bamboo fruit the real red one with a
real succulent kind of peach like
interior and he'll go from tree to tree
to tree with this group feeding on that
the bamboo tree is laden with fruit
which is soon showering down George
continues snacking on fallen fruit she's
really fond of bamboo fruit and carries
on despite the risk of taking a direct
hit
George isn't the only gorilla to take
advantage of the falling fruit King goat
descends surprisingly elegantly for an
animal of his size he soon spots an easy
meal
and stamps his authority by nicking poor
Georgia's fruit